Hey hey come
Xiao Liang, you are crazy
He's a charlatan. You can't beat him
It's okay, look at me.
Come on.
Humph
Let me see what you have up your sleeve
What sleeves do you take out?
Take it out
I'm closing up, I'm quitting, hey, hey, hey
What do you mean?
Take out what's in your sleeve
What sleeve? Take it out for me.
Hey, take a look, hey.
Do you see it?
Did you all see it?
He is a liar
Hide this ball up your sleeve
We've all been deceived.
Hey, don't go, why are you, don't go
50,000 money
This is actually the night pearl
Doesn't he know it's a baby?
I'll tell you what to pay?
If you want money, you don't want to die.
Hey, who are you playing with me?
Hey
Ah, come on.
Boss, if you have no money
Be careful, my brothers take you to pay off your debt
Ouch.
Take it away
Just this broken bamboo
All over the street
I don't care
Hey hey hey hey
Chao brother, you are crazy
50,000 bucks for this shit
It's okay
Then I changed it, okay?
It's a deal.
Don't go back on it.
Hey, it's a deal.